callforpapers.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Call for papers
permalink: /callforpapers/
---

AIPLANS will solicit four-page paper submissions in a CFP to be circulated pending workshop acceptance. To encourage submissions from the broader ML/PL community, accepted authors will be given an opportunity to showcase their work in a virtual poster session or lightning talk for outstanding contributions. To minimize potential conflicts of interest, AIPLANS will manage submissions via the OpenReview conference management system.

Those who traditionally publish in venues such as SIGPLAN, SIGSOFT and other ACM venues are encouraged to submit work that may be considered relevant to the machine learning and reasoning community, provided that effort is taken to ensure its accessibility. Special consideration will be given to didactic submissions of outstanding clarity. Further information, including evaluation criteria, examples of relevant literature, deadlines and workshop logistics will be provided for reference.

![](assets/img/timeline.png)

If accepted, AIPLANS will announce its CFP and pursue contributions from the broader ML/PL community shortly thereafter. Two months later, the CFP will close on Sept. 24th. This deadline may be extended to no later than Oct. 1st, depending on the volume of submissions received, leaving sufficient time for referees and program chairs to leave feedback. Authors will be notified of acceptance no later than Oct. 22nd. We intend to finalize the schedule and coordinate presentation logistics between Nov. and Dec. 14th. Those who wish to prerecord talks will be given an opportunity to do so. The final workshop will consist of prerecorded and live talks with Q&A, followed by a moderated panel, and virtual poster session hosted on GatherTown. Further details about schedule and logistics will be made available, pending acceptance.

Commit message:

update CFP and submission template

callforpapers.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Call for papers
permalink: /callforpapers/
---


We invite all students, researchers, language designers and AI practitioners to take part in the first annual workshop on Advances in Programming Languages and Neurosymbolic Systems (AIPLANS), to be held Dec. 13th or 14th at NeurIPS 2021. AIPLANS welcomes submissions relevant to the fields of programming languages and machine learning research. Authors who traditionally publish in venues such as SIGPLAN, SIGSOFT and other ACM venues are especially encouraged to submit work that may be relevant to the machine learning and reasoning community, provided that effort is taken to ensure its accessibility. Didactic submissions of outstanding clarity and reproducibility will be given special consideration.

# Key Dates

AIPLANS has four important dates to keep in mind:

**Paper submission deadline**: Sept 24th, 2021 11:59pm (Anywhere on **Earth, AoE)

**Reviews released**: Oct. 23rd, 2021

**Camera-ready deadline**: Dec 10, 2021 11:59pm (AoE)

**Tentative conference dates**: Dec 13th or 14th, 2021

Authors are strongly encouraged to submit early and often, as due to scheduling constraints, AIPLANS is unable to offer any extensions.

# Submission Guidelines

We invite papers that describe new or existing theory, methodology and/or applications related to automated learning and reasoning in the fields of programming languages and artificial intelligence. Submitted papers will be evaluated based on their (1) technical quality (2) clarity and (3) potential impact. We also encourage submissions describing novel programming languages or software implementations.

Submissions are limited to four-page double-column NeurIPS-formatted pages, plus unlimited additional pages for references and appendices. Authors may also submit a single file of supplementary material, such as a PDF file (e.g. containing proof details) or a ZIP file containing multiple files and formats (e.g. code or artifacts). Reviewers will be allowed but not obliged to consider supplementary material.

Paper should be formatted according to the follow LaTeX template: [https://aiplans.github.io/assets/cfp/aiplans2021template.zip](https://aiplans.github.io/assets/cfp/aiplans2021template.zip)

The OpenReview submission portal will be opened 4-6 weeks before the abstract submission deadline. Submitted papers will be evaluated in a single round of double-blind peer-review, with no author rebuttal necessary. All accepted papers will be presented at the workshop as either contributed talks or as posters.

AIPLANS does not permit dual submission. Any submissions discovered to have been previously published or simultaneously submitted to another conference, journal or workshop during the AIPLANS review process will be summarily desk rejected. Outstanding submissions will be considered for oral presentation as a contributed talk.

# Confidentiality

AIPLANS is committed to protecting the anonymity of its authors and reviewers during the review process. We will use OpenReview to host public discussions, however reviewers’ comments will remain anonymous. Any papers divulging information that could reasonably identify the authors’ names or affiliations will be subject to desk rejection. AIPLANS advises against advertising preprints on social media or elsewhere while under review. Preprints may not be explicitly identified as an AIPLANS submission at any time during the review period.
